can I ask you a personal question do you
write songs or anything
I don't sing my own songs why I just I
just don't feel comfortable I want you
feel comfortable well cuz it's like
almost every single person that I've
come in contact with in the music
industry has told me that my nose is too
big and that I won't make it
your nose is beautiful are you showing
me your nose right now you'd have to
show tails are looking at it all night
oh come on oh I'm gonna be thinking
about your nose we're probably set I
love truth yeah
you pose should I touch your nose oh my
gosh let me just touch it for a second
like I'm
[Music]
we're lucky oh really yeah not really
that my nose has not made me lucky
look talent comes everywhere but having
something to say and a way to say it so
people listen to it that's a whole other
bag and unless you get out there and you
try to do it you'll never know that's
just the truth if there's one reason
we're supposed to be here is to say
something so people want to hear it so
you got to grab it and you don't
apologize you don't worry about why
they're listening or how long they're
gonna be listening for you just tell
them what you want to say don't you
understand what I'm trying to tell you
yeah I don't like that I understand oh I
think you like it a little bit
you
[Music]